Howard Hong
92-05 69th Ave
Forest Hills, NY 11375
347-644-0264

Dear Sir,


In reference to your job posting for a "", I have attached my resume for your consideration.  After reviewing 
your needs, I feel my skills and experience fit your requirements.

In my present position, I am the primary developer redesigning and refactoring the overnight pricing 
infrastructure code for YieldBook (a fixed income analytics system).  I am tasked with three specific 
objectives 1) performance tuning the code base, 2) increasing the scale of the data processed and 3) reduce 
and simplify the maintenance and support costs of the code.  Note, all three goals are developed and 
installed to “live” systems and no interruption to the existing production environment is allowed.  Despite 
the difficulty and large scope of the changes required, I accomplished this by independently building a test 
regression suite into a dev/test framework that I also created.  The regression test suite is also fully 
automated and provides daily feedback on all code changes before a production install.


In reference to your job posting for a "Database Programmer - Informix Migration", I have attached my resume 
for your consideration.  After reviewing your needs, I feel my skills and experience fit your requirements.  
In my present position, I am the primary developer redesigning and refactoring the overnight pricing 
infrastructure code for YieldBook (a fixed income analytics system).  The work entails creating new 
databases, migrating and loading the data, and updating and enhancing numerous legacy applications.  I am 
also heavily involved in meetings with clients and other development groups, creating new data feeds, writing 
simple reports, off hours support and root cause trouble shooting analysis and correction.  In addition to my 
primary duties, I also created a complete regression test suite for testing modifications to the overnight 
pricing code.


In my present position, I am the primary developer redesigning and refactoring the overnight pricing 
infrastructure code for YieldBook (a fixed income analytics system).  The work entails creating new 
databases, migrating and loading the data, and updating legacy applications to the new system.  In addition, 
my other responsibilities include additional application enhancements, meetings with clients and other 
development groups, creating new data feeds, writing simple reports , off hours support and root cause 
trouble shooting analysis and correction.  
 
I am the primary developer rebuilding and refactoring the market indices application at Barclays Capital.  
This was an extremely large legacy application developed over 10+ years with multiple programming languages, 
multiple database engines, and multiple coding styles.  I designed and developed the QA/dev platform for re-
architecting the entire application.  I performed large scale code analysis, refactored code components,  and 
centralized all inputs/outputs interfaces to the application.  My experience includes migrating entire code 
bases, swap out/swap in major components including database engines and operating system ports.  I am also 
well versed in performance tuning, root cause trouble shooting analysis and also custom software tools 
development.

I have extensive applications development experience ranging from trading systems, ETL systems, legacy code 
migrations, systems and database administration and custom software tools development.  I am currently 
rewriting and performance tuning the entire overnight batch processing for the Yieldbook (a fixed income 
analytics system) application.  The application consists of extensive C code, shell scripts, Sybase 
SQL,static and dynamic tables, stored procs, and triggers.  I also independently created a QA 
framework/regression test platform and helped to build the QA/test environments. 

I have extensive applications development experience ranging from trading systems, ETL systems, legacy code 
migrations, systems and database administration and custom software tools development. I look forward to 
discussing my qualifications with you.


I look forward to discussing my qualifications with you.

Sincerly,
Howard Hong
347-644-0264


data workflow, multi-platform distributed applications, Design/Develop/code end to end
database modeling, testing and process automation etc
Conduct system analysis and work estimate for new tasks; 
Write high level and low level design documents
High level of Collaboration with other internal or external teams

